this is an example visual mode
hello
then
i try to vanish
gone
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
{this} {is} an extra visual mode
this is an {example} visual mode
this is an {example} visual mode
this is an {visual} mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this is an example visual mode
this i mode
this i mode
this is an example visual mode
this i mode
this 
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode
this i mode

